Good morrow! I see you're up and about, and I am sure 
Reylith already had her words with you. She finds 
herself in such a hurry that she barely has time to 
look around. 
#The war she speaks of may very well happen - but 
she thinks with the sharpest item in her arsenal 
and her hurry could very well be her downfall... 
I assuredly hope not.
#I did however promise her that I would help, and you 
will play a pivotal role in my assistance. Your abscence 
from the battlefield has possibly made you slow, So I 
would like to start by just making sure you have all your 
wits about you.
#Remember you can Move ('W','S','A','D'), adjust 
your view ('Q','E'), slash or shoot your bow 
(left mouse button) and block (right mouse button) 
if you have a shield. And if you find yourself in harms way. 
Dogde (Spacebar). If you feel like any of these keys 
are placed wrong they can always be changed from the 
keybind menu ('Tab') to anything that you feel more comfortable with.
#In order to keep track of your items and all the things 
that you pick up throughout your travels you have an 
inventory ('I') and bags ('B'). You can click and drag 
things in your bag to your action bar or to your inventory 
if the item is equippable. You can also just right click an 
equippable or consumable item to equip/use them.
#Speaking of which, here are the item I promised Reylith I would  
give you. You cannot open your Inventory during a conversation. 
Right click the items from your bag to equip them.
#Equip the sword and shield I gave you and we can continue 
talking.
#When you're wearing a shield you have the ability to "Block" 
('hold right mouse'). This allows you to withstand a great deal 
more damage but also stops you from attacking. A well timed 
block will give you the ability to stun an enemy with a riposte, 
but be quick!
#You can charge your strikes by holding in the left mouse button. 
if the sword becomes fully charged ('watch for glow and effect') 
you will deal significantly more damage. You can combine charging 
with a combo of hits to optimize your damage output.
#I hope you paid attention because I'm going to release the chains 
holding this imp here and I'd like to see that you can handle yourself. 
If you time the block just before he hits you, you can riposte him 
by pressing the 'left mouse button' directly after the block. 
be quick!

Show me a block, hit, riposte and a fully charged hit!
#Good job! I think you're ready to go and talk to Bentos, 
He will teach you a bit about archery. There will be many 
situations in which staying away from monsters is a good idea. 
Make haste young one!
#I have no more to tell you right now! You need to learn about 
ranged attacks and then we can start to get a handle on our situation 
here.
#Ok, good it seems you still know your way around a weapon, that is 
going to come in handy.
#Now lend me your ear so I can try to get you to understand the depth to 
which this story goes, and why the fog through which reylith sees the world 
must be lifted. I do not hold all the answers to this tale, and this is precisely 
why I need you.
#Reylith sees the war brewing between narrow minded and power hungry mortals 
that can hardly see threats within their own domain let alone those coming 
from afar. Few of the more savvy kings see the threat looming from creatures 
migrating because of the shifts in political and actual climate.
#But none see, or do not wish to believe in the underlying threat of why there is 
this shift in climate, and the consequences that may yet arrise.
#Thousands of years ago the world was cast into darkness when the now forgotten 
ice kingdoms of the north and the fiery demons of the south confronted each other.
It is not properly understood how or when the world returned to a balanced state as 
all life as we understand it, and all documentation before and during that era was lost 
presumably to the destruction to reigned the world.
#I fear that what we are witnessing here is an imbalance between these two forces, and I 
believe that quarrels of mortals, and the migrations of beasts and creature alike are mere 
distractions. Perhaps by the time we notice the real underlying threat it will be too late... 
perhaps it is already.
#This is why I want you to investigate what is happening at the southern volcanic lands to 
see if we can find answers to these questions. If we are to get caught in the hell that will 
arrise in the conflict to come. then these quarrels, beasts and creatures. will be the least 
of our troubles.
#Your journey however, starts close by. There is a cave to the north that is being blocked 
by a thrawn of imps led by a vicious master called "Qupha". Find out why they are there and 
and secure passage through the mountains. Once on the other side of the mountains you can 
start your journey south to investigate the lands there. I may meet you further south. Hopefully 
you will have some answers for me.
#Now make your way into the caves and fight your way to the bottom, somewhere in the depths of 
those caves you should find Qupha.